Source Facebook Marketing: Decrease give up rate (#23625)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/facebook-marketing.md

## Setup guide

<!-- env:cloud -->

> ### For Airbyte Cloud:

Reviewer: Please update this file if you like the suggestions I made to inapp.md

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
|:--------|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 0.2.86  | 2023-03-01 | [23625](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/23625) | Add userfriendly fields description in spe and docs. Extend error messsage for invalid Account ID case.                                                                                                                                                                                           ||         |            |                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0.2.86  | 2023-03-01 | [23625](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/23625) | Add user friendly fields description in spec and docs. Extend error message for invalid Account ID case.                                                                                                                                                                                           ||         |            |                                                          |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
